remaining packer content (#13285)
hashicorp/packer: website/content/docs/post-processors/manifest.mdx

---
description: >

>   The `manifest` post-processor writes a JSON file with the build artifacts and
>   IDs from a Packer run so that you can track output artifacts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The `manifest` post-processor creates a JSON file that contains data about a Packer build's artifacts, letting you track a run's outputs.
```
